this is one of those teachers who were born analogue and had to
adapt to digital times
see how they work illustrators have incorporated a computer to their curtain
from creation
here the authors of the championship you must have realized that today is
practically impossible to do anything without the help of a computer, right?
because then in the world of illustrations history repeats itself if it was the time
in which watercolor was the only work material of the designers
currently many still keep one foot in the bark on paper plus others aside
tactic in each kibe in front of the supercomputer
the brush gave way to evil again until now it is now lcd and
preference with many inches that the internet needs to be fast to upload
up to 12 months for customers without wasting much time
even because many of these digital professionals work from home
comfort that only the same technology can provide
is one of these professionals
but it's not any professional, not this year.
publication that brings together the world's top 200 illustrators half their
clients is outside of Brazil and up to six years ago he was a
100% analog but like the whole planet could not stay far from the advances
technological
is the watercolors poster that my
and will give a slap this even with defeat to emi will end to ap
television account at some time
the field of work for digital illustrators is easy
caco illustrious stories capable of having publications advertising pieces until
Christmas cards are made by him
Luis would have found another way of working with
his illustrations he made infographics those drawings that
appear in magazines and newspapers
explaining exactly the text of the article
the auditors
oldest of 20 30 years of profession
he felt that the
the agreement with him was this time working with small blocks of
teresina when any
with the training and that in brief he felt a little the work of being a
little nick devalued
choi difficult to double the editors but soon the first infographic produced
by luiz already broke won from the face the prize is about the April prize in the
categories indicated in addition to the malofiej prize considered the sector's Oscar
from then on, his work began to take center stage in several
publisher's publications each in its own way the two saw the technology
gradually transformed the world of illustrations
irony of destiny
the same technology that facilitated the lives of these professionals is now one of their
competitors
you have
at the entrance of the post mp share the company
beginning to appear
they pass from the militants of the pv and pt
the saviola is a magazine so proclaimed compensation and will be hidden
he is another
producer same situation back
I like the profession
We're trying to start.
with the caco indicates some schools and guides online you can know which are
accessing our site digital look with the direct confrontation look for this
matter in the low mourinho of the video we give the 'red star' the couple luiz
would say that there are no courses that are found more tactical clues
for the first steps
for example taking a course in journalism
if you really learn how to deal with
the prosecution action you do a drawing course for you to have a notion
space, but few reporters and editors
works directly with Ford
renard suspended and santi show what brings these magazines already dominates this
language
he already has a basic notion of December
how many times and will rita rne find out he does the layout is one of 61
very simple and important then but the essence of the information for this
help a lot we think you like more
so thinking only